1.Web dev is the art of creating web pages, web sites and web applications using various markup and scripting languages and hosting them in servers using server side languages.
2.Browser is the software application that enables the user to interact with the web. It displays the requested web page from the server and also retrieves data.
3.Working of browser: When a link is clicked or a url is entered the browser requests the web server for the required web pages and the server locates the required page and sends it to the browser which displays it.
4.Web server is a computer that hosts web pages and on requests from browser, sends the web pages to the browser to display.
5.Working of server: A web server runs continuously and waits for requests from web browser for web pages. And when it receives a request it locates the requested web page and sends it back to the browser.
6.Role of CPU in running  the browser engine: Running of the browser engine mainly deals with the interaction of browser and server. CPU helps in this interaction by transferring information.
7.WWW: World Wide Web. It is a network of all the servers. And acts like the super server.
8.HTML: hypertext markup language. It is used to create web pages. It gives the content and structure of a web page.
9.CSS: cascading style sheets. It is used to make the web page look more appealing by providing options to format  each and every element of the web page.
10.Javascript: It basically enables interaction and allows the browser to interact with the user with various functions.
So for a web page HTML gives the content, CSS gives style and javascript makes it interactive.
11.Domain: Domain name is the address that is easily rememberable. 
12.Internet: It is the network of networks.
13.Internet pack: The package options that telecom companies provide to access internet specifically.
14.web:  <unsure>
15.URL: Uniform Resource Locator. URL helps in identifying web pages.
16.URI:Uniform Resource Identifier.
17.What happens when you type into browser’s address bar? 
The browser sends the address entered to the server and fetches the required page.
18. Wi-Fi: Wireless Fidelity. Enables internet sharing and wireless data transmission.
19. Why most of the url starts with http://? 
Because most of the web pages have hypertexts or links.
20.What’s http, ftp, ssl, tsl?
http-HyperText Transfer Protocol
ftp-File Transfer protocol
ssl, tsl- <unsure>
These are rules that are followed in the transfer of information between the browser and the server. 

