1.	Web development refers to building, creating, and maintaining websites and hosting them on internet or intranet. The Web development process includes Web design, Web content development, client-side/server-side scripting and network security configuration, among other tasks. 
2.	A web browser is a software application for retrieving, presenting and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web. Common web browsers include Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, and Apple Safari.
3.	When we type in an URL and click go or if we click a link the web browser sends a request to the web server . Based on the result the server formulates a response. The browser collects this response and if the page was located the response sends the HTML file to the browser. The browser picks p all the incoming information and tries its best to display the page.  A web page not only has text but also images and other media that are also transferred as separate files. This continues till the entire page is transferred. 
4.	A Web server is a system that delivers content or services to end users over the Internet. A Web server consists of a physical server, server operating system (OS) and software used to facilitate HTTP communication. Every computer on the Internet that contains a Web site must have a Web server program. Two leading Web servers are Apache , the most widely-installed Web server, and Microsoft's Internet Information Server ( IIS ). 
5.	 Working of server: The browser breaks the URL into three parts:1)protocol 2)Server name 3)file name. The browser converts the domain name into IP address and locates the server based on it. The server then locates the requested file name and sends it back to the browser based on the protocol.
6.	Role of CPU in running  the browser engine:<unsure>
7.	The World Wide Web, is a way of accessing information over the medium of the Internet. It is an information-sharing model that is built on top of the Internet based on domain. The world wide web is based on the http. And uses this protocol to transfer hypertext files.
8.	HTML is a markup language that is used to create web pages by providing its content and structure. The content is wrapped by tags and hence a markup language.
9.	Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a style sheet language used for describing the look and formatting of a document written in a markup language.
10.	JavaScript is a programming language used to make web pages interactive. It interacts with the contents of the html soure code and provides dynamic content.
11.	Domain is a distinct subset of the Internet with addresses sharing a common suffix or under the control of a particular organization or individual. Within the Internet, domains are defined by the IP address. All devices sharing a common part of the IP address are said to be in the same domain.
12.	Internet is a global computer network providing information and communication facilities, consisting of interconnected networks using standardized communication protocols.
13.	Internet packs are the various packages or plans provided by the service provider that allows the subscribers to access internet.
14.	Web: A common form of World wide web.
15.	URL: Uniform resource locator.  It is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. The first part of the URL is called a protocol identifier and it indicates what protocol to use, and the second part is called aresource name and it specifies the IP address or the domain namewhere the resource is located.
16.	URI: Uniform Resource Identifier.  The generic term for all types of names and addresses that refer to objects on the World Wide Web. A URLis one kind of URI.
17.	What happens when you type into the browser’s address bar?                                                          For example if we enter http://nitt.edu/about. The browser splits the URL into three parts:1)protocol part-http 2)server name-nitt.edu 3)file name- about.html                                                                           The browser now converts the domain name into its IP address and locates the server machine with the corresponding IP address. And requests the file name from the server. When no file name is mentioned index.html is returned by the server. The interaction is based upon the rules of the http(here).
18.	Wi-Fi is a local area wireless networking technology that uses radio waves to provide wireless high-speed Internet  and network  connections. A common misconception is that the term Wi-Fi is short for "wireless fidelity," however this is not the case. Wi-Fi is simply a trademarked phrase that means IEEE 802.11x.
19.	Because http is a protocol used to transfer files in world wide web.
20.     HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is the set of rules for transferring files (text, graphic images, sound, video, and other multimedia files) on the World Wide Web. HTTP is an applicationprotocol that runs on top of the TCP/IP suite of protocols (the foundation protocols for the Internet).
FTP-File Transfer Protocol is a standard Internet protocol for transmitting files between computers on the Internet. FTP is commonly used to transfer Web page files from their creator to the computer that acts as their server for everyone on the Internet. 
SSL- Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is a protocol developed by Netscape for transmitting private documents via the Internet. SSL uses acryptographic system that uses two keys to encrypt data - a public key known to everyone and a private or secret key known only to the recipient of the message.
TSL- Transport Layer Security (TLS) is a protocol that ensures privacy between communicating applications and their users on the Internet. When a server and client communicate, TLS ensures that no third party may eavesdrop or tamper with any message. TLS is the successor to the SSL.

